Night as Shushan sees the emperor
Damn July
You think you killed us?
Can you become a princess of the world?
bad force of good and evil
Even if you kill us all
We will not recognize you as the master
He betrayed Shushan
rude
Of course he should
And you have no sword or pearl
Don't know the deity
Not stupid and unworthy to stay in Shushan
Qingyuan, can you have today?
It all depends on Shu Mountain
But committed below
It's nice to talk big.
If you can really prove that you are the Sword Emperor of Shushan
Dare to despise me
How to compare?
That treasure door contains the treasure of the Sword Emperor of Shushan
Guarded by the Innate Treasure Chaos God
Only the righteous
To obtain the approval of the Chaos Gods
If it is true
Shushan Sword Emperor can naturally become the Lord of Shushan
Open the Sword King's Treasure
Make me feel convinced that you lost